Some more possible and advanced ideas:

(Continuation of the current_idea.txt file)

This project using Sentiment Analysis to recommend stuffs is just a starting point. 

We can use NLP in great ways if we are can analyse the chat of people in real-time, without human intervention, thus protecting their privacy at the same time. 
Like if a person types “I love the songs by Ed Sheeran” (say in WhatsApp), then using NLP and recommender systems, the person can get his songs as recommendations in notification 
once or twice a day. In the user's busy schedule, this will be a refreshment for him, with a high possibility of him clicking on the notification.

Again if he types something indirect, like “My headphones are not working” or "I didn't eat burger for a long time", then he can get notifications or a pop-up about 
buying new headphones, say from Amazon, or buying a burger, say from zomato, even before the user explicitly typing it.

Thus there is a certain possibility that this will profit the associated companies, because then they will recommend users the very exact things they need even before they 
search it. And the better the recommendation, the more is the probability that the user will buy it.

Obviously someone can argue about the use of this, saying people can themselves open the apps on mobile and get these stuffs themselves.
The answer to them is that in today's world, automation and innovation is at its peak.

For eg, people are becoming increasingly dependent on virtual assistants like google assistant or siri for very simple tasks like calling someone, turning on a light or 
fan that has virtual assitant support, dictating a message instead of typing it, etc.
We are so dependent that we don't even type a whole sentence in a web browser search bar; we just type 2-3 keywords and then select the appropriate sentence from the 
recommendations that we want to search.

From these instances, we can conclude that the automation is the future. And this idea can take automation one step further.
This idea, if implemented, can further be extended in future with new innovations.

Using ML algorithms like NLP with apps like Whatsapp, Telegram, Messenger, etc, and also with user’s permission, it is possible that even without the user’s intervention, 
he would be recommended stuffs as per his choice, just while chatting.

With day-by-day improvement in technology, this is seems to be feasible, given different apps/softwares are allowed to interact with each other.
